Added release notes for Cloud Patches 1.0.5 (#7411)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/release-notes/mcp-release-notes.md

{:.bs-callout-info}
See [Apply patches]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/project/project-patch.html) to learn how to apply Magento patches and hot fixes to your {{site.data.var.ece}} project.

## v1.0.5
*Release date: June ##, 2020*<br/>

> - **Redis performance improvements**–Adds Redis optimization features to Magento versions 2.3.3 and 2.3.4.  These fixes were included in the Magento version 2.3.5 release. See [Performance improvements]({{site.baseurl}}/guides/v2.3/release-notes/release-notes-2-3-5-commerce.html#performance-boosts) in the _Magento Commerce 2.3.5 Release Notes_.<!--MCLOUD-5771-->

Author: ```suggestion
- **Redis performance improvements**–Adds Redis optimization features to Magento versions 2.3.3 and 2.3.4.  These fixes were included in the Magento version 2.3.5 release. See [Performance boosts]({{site.baseurl}}/guides/v2.3/release-notes/release-notes-2-3-5-commerce.html#performance-boosts) in the _Magento Commerce 2.3.5 Release Notes_.<!--MCLOUD-5771-->
```

> - **Redis performance improvements**–Adds Redis optimization features to Magento versions 2.3.3 and 2.3.4.  These fixes were included in the Magento version 2.4 release. See [Performance improvements]({{site.baseurl}}/guides/v2.4/release-notes/release-notes-2-4-0-commerce.html#performance-improvements) in the _Magento Commerce 2.4.0 Release Notes_.<!--MCLOUD-5771-->

Author: ```suggestion
- **Redis performance improvements**–Adds Redis optimization features to Magento versions 2.3.3 and 2.3.4.  These fixes were included in the Magento version 2.3.5 release. See [Performance improvements]({{site.baseurl}}/guides/v2.3/release-notes/release-notes-2-3-5-commerce.html#performance-boosts) in the _Magento Commerce 2.3.5 Release Notes_.<!--MCLOUD-5771-->
```
